[FG5] Migrate wiki to docs (#491)
MinecraftForge/Documentation: docs/configuration/runs.md

Run Configurations
==================

> Run configurations define how an instance of the game is going to run. This includes arguments, working directories, task names, etc. Run configurations are defined within the `minecraft.runs` block. While no runs are configured by default, ForgeGradle does provide some assumptions for the configurations `client`, `server`, `data`, or `gameTestServer` on their entry points.

Reviewer: These configurations are provided by Forge's userdev config (located at `config.json`) and not FG.

```gradle
minecraft {
    // ...
    runs {

>         // Add runs here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Configure runs here
```

    }
}
```

Run configurations can be added similar to any `NamedDomainObjectContainer` using closures.

```gradle
// Inside the minecraft block
runs {

>     // Adds the run configuration named 'client'

Reviewer: It technically creates or otherwise configures the run.

    // Sets the children of this configuration
    children runs.child

    // Merges this configuration and specifies whether to overwrite existing properties
    merge runs.server, true

    // If not false, will merge the arguments of the parent with this configuration
    inheritArgs false

    // If not false, will merge the JVM arguments of the parent with this configuration
    inheritJvmArgs false

    // Adds a sourceset to the classpath
    // If none is specified, adds sourceSet.main
    source sourceSets.api

    // Sets an environment property for the run
    // Value will be interpreted as a file or a string
    environment 'envKey', 'value'

    // Sets a system property
    // Value will be interpreted as a file or a string
    property 'propKey', 'value'

    // Sets an argument to be passed into the application
    // Can specify multiple with 'args'
    arg 'hello'

    // Sets a JVM argument
    // Can specify multiple with 'jvmArgs'
    jvmArg '-Xmx2G'

    // Sets a token
    // Currently, the following tokens are being used:
    // - runtime_classpath
    // - minecraft_classpath
    token 'tokenKey', 'value'

    // Sets a token that's lazily initialized

>     // Should be used in most cases compared to 'token'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Should usually be used instead of 'token', for example when the token resolves Gradle configurations
```

    lazyToken('lazyTokenKey') {
      'value'
    }

    // If not false, Gradle will stop once the process has finished
    forceExit true

    // If true, compile all projects instead of for the current task
    // This is only used by IntelliJ IDEA
    buildAllProjects false
}
```

!!! tip
    You can see a list of all configured userdev properties within the [MinecraftForge buildscript][buildscript].

Mod Configurations
------------------

A mod in the current environment can be added using the `mods` block within a Run configuration. Mod blocks are also `NamedDomainObjectContainer`s.

```gradle
// Inside the runs block
client {
    // ...

    mods {
        // Configures the 'example' mod
        example {
            // Sets the location of the mod's classes
            classes sourceSets.api.output

            // Sets the location of the mod's resources

>             resources files('./my_resources')

Reviewer: It should also be noted that it is recommended to configure sourcesets instead of manually adding class and resource outputs.
